README: add UXL Foundation links (#479)
oneapi-src/oneMKL: README.md

> [![UXL Foundation Logo](https://github.com/uxlfoundation/artwork/blob/main/foundation/uxl-foundation-logo-horizontal-color.png)]

Reviewer: Are we allowed to resize the logo, like:
```suggestion
<img src="https://github.com/uxlfoundation/artwork/blob/main/foundation/uxl-foundation-logo-horizontal-color.png" alt="UXL Foundation Logo" width="250"/>
```
Now it looks... well... huge.

Author: Good idea, updated. Thank you!

---

## Governance

> The oneMKL Interfaces project is governed by the UXL Foundation and you can get involved in this project in multiple ways. It is possible to join the [Math Special Interest Group (SIG)](https://github.com/uxlfoundation/foundation/tree/main/math) meetings where the groups discuss and demonstrate work using this project. Members can also join the Open Source and Specification Working Group meetings.

Reviewer: maybe changing groups to group?
```suggestion
The oneMKL Interfaces project is governed by the UXL Foundation and you can get involved in this project in multiple ways. It is possible to join the [Math Special Interest Group (SIG)](https://github.com/uxlfoundation/foundation/tree/main/math) meetings where the group discusses and demonstrates work using this project. Members can also join the Open Source and Specification Working Group meetings.
```

Author: Thanks for catching it, updated.

You can also join the mailing lists for the [UXL Foundation](https://lists.uxlfoundation.org/g/main/subgroups) to be informed of when meetings are happening and receive the latest information and discussions.

> You can contribute to this project and also contribute to the specification for this project, read the [CONTRIBUTING](CONTRIBUTING.md) page for more information.

Reviewer: With this sentence, we could consider removing the Contributing section below.

Author: I left the contributing as is for now since we plan to add more links to maintainers, how to contact them, introduce slack channel, etc.
